Patch 3 (#9089)
flutter/website: src/get-started/install/_get-sdk-linux.md

### Method 1: Install Flutter using snapd

This is the simplest way to install Flutter on Linux. For more information about using snapd, check [Installing snapd][].

Once snapd is installed, you can install Flutter from the Snap Store or by using the following command:

```terminal
$ sudo snap install flutter --classic
```

{{site.alert.note}}
  Once snap is installed, you can display your Flutter SDK path by using the following command:

  ```terminal
  $ flutter sdk-path
  ```
{{site.alert.end}}

### Method 2: Manual Installation

If you do not have `snapd`, or if you can't use it, follow these steps to install Flutter manually:

1. Download the installation bundle for the latest {{site.sdk.channel}} release of the Flutter SDK:

    [(loading...)](#){:.download-latest-link-{{os}}.btn.btn-primary}

    You can find older builds and other release channels in the [SDK archive][].

2. Extract the downloaded file to a location of your choice:

    ```terminal
    $ cd ~/development
    $ tar xf ~/Downloads/flutter_{{os}}_vX.X.X-{{site.sdk.channel}}.tar.xz
    ```

3. Add the `flutter` tool to your path:

    ```terminal
    $ export PATH="$PATH:`pwd`/flutter/bin"
    ```

>     Note that this command sets your `PATH` variable for the current terminal window only. To add Flutter to your path permanently, refer to [Update your path][].

Reviewer: **chore:** 
Use [semantic breaks](https://sembr.org/).

```suggestion
    This command sets your `PATH` environment variable for the current terminal session only.
    To add Flutter to your path for all sessions, check out [Update your path][].
```
